[Franklin]
Previously on Will Trent...
Got to the point where I'd look
in the mirror and didn't know
who I was looking at.
Then Gina. she found a meeting
that I could go to.
Talking helps.
The best part of this drink is
it comes with a fun umbrella.
-Antonio!
-I'll check the back.
[Will] Antonio!
He's gone.
James Ulster's been dead
for nearly two months.
That's what you think.
I got a letter.
That's how he talked to me.
That's how
he talked to all of us.
[James] If I had nothing to do
with sending those letters...
Then there's someone else
who knows about Antonio.
my mother. everything.
-Where's my uncle?
-Guess you'll never know.
Where is he?
[Faith] What happened?
Spiders. Poison.
Hey. hey. Will. stay with me.
Help is on the way.
Will. stay with me.
[rhythmic beeping echoes]
[muffled PA announcement]
Ang.
Hey. you're awake.
How do you feel?
[groans] Weird.
[groans] Dizzy.
Yeah. they gave you antivenom
for the spider bites
and a sedative
because you were in a state.
Oh.
Yeah. you were trying to pull
out your IV. go after Antonio.
-What do you know?
-What we know is that
Adelaide was spotted in Brazil.
We don't know if he's with her.
-The FBI has. like.
a whole team on it...
-[sighs]
...and they're
doing their FBI thing.
I need to... I gotta...
I gotta go do something
to help. [groans]
-Hey.
-Oh. can you get me
out of here?
-Will. you just woke up
five seconds ago.
-[exhales]
Can you please take some time
to recover from almost dying
before you beat
yourself up again?
-[sighs] He's my family. Ang.
-[softly] I know.
I know. And they will tell me
as soon as they learn anything.
They're gonna find him.
Did you sleep here?
Of course.
You're my family.
Let me get somebody
to handle those straps.
You must be starving.
I'll have Seth make someone
bring you the good meat loaf.
Is there such a thing?
Well. trust me. you don't
want the bad one. [chuckles]
[♪ upbeat music playing]
[Franklin] So you're
the one who found him?
Yeah. this morning I noticed
the door was wide open.
found him inside.
-Now I gotta do a deep-clean.
-[siren wails]
Yeah. that sounds
like a hassle.
You got a name?
No. he paid cash.
Did you get his ID?
This look like the kind
of place that checks IDs?
Can't find
the guy's wallet anywhere.
Door's wide open.
Anyone could have lifted it
after the fact.
And he definitely had money.
The guy's sweater's worth more
than my mortgage.
Okay. so headphones. keyboard.
This notebook's
full of music stuff.
[Franklin] Music stuff?
[Michael]
Yeah. Franklin. music stuff.
Sheet music.
musical notations. composing.
Why would a rich guy
work from this dump?
Drugs? We got some white powder
here. Looks like cocaine.
-Yeah.
-And what do we have here?
Adderall.
Is there a name on the bottle?
Uh. label's torn.
Hard to make it out.
Hey. let's get this.
uh. logged and bagged.
So. doing a little coke.
tickling the ivories.
Sounds like a fun night
till he got shot.
[♪ playing "Chopsticks"]
Did Cooper teach you that?
[scoffs] Cooper has
nowhere near my skills.
Hey.
this keyboard case
says "property of
Atlanta City Orchestra."
[♪ dramatic music plays]
Oh. no.
I know who this is.
Who?
It's Ronaldo Benetti.
the conductor
of the Atlanta City Orchestra.
Why "Oh. no"?
'Cause a man is dead. and
every life lost is a tragedy.
Yeah.
But really. why "Oh. no"?
I'm a patron of the arts.
-Since when?
-Oh. you know.
I go to the symphony.
Why are you acting so weird
right now? Since when do you
go to the symphony?
During my personal
private life.
which you know nothing about.
Do we have to go
to Symphony Hall now?
Seems like we do. Yeah.
[♪ "Make a Change" playing]
We've got two eggs.
half a bell pepper.
and some wilted spinach.
I could make you an omelet.
I'm not hungry.
I just had meat loaf.
Okay. How about some tea?
Yeah. sure.
♪ How long. baby. how long... ♪
♪ Will this madness
be here to stay? ♪
[grunts]
[straining. grunting]
I hate this floor.
Yeah. me too.
Okay. let's get rid
of the floor.
[Nico chuckles]
[Will grunts]
Is there a plan
or are we just deconstructing?
[Will panting]
You know.
that-that's a good question.
Um. how about you. uh.
go to the hardware store. huh?
And grab
some-some linoleum samples?
Okay.
Come on. Betty.
Let's go shopping.
[♪ somber music plays]
[breathes heavily]
[grunting. groaning]
[panting. whimpering]
There. there.
I'm so over you.
-[James chuckles]
-[Will sighs]
As horrible as this floor is.
I think our efforts would
be better spent elsewhere.
You really think it's wise
to leave the search
for Adelaide to the FBI?
[scoffs] There is no "our."
All right? It's all your fault.
[sighs] I can't believe
you were allowed to procreate.
Oh. look on the bright side.
Who's better qualified than you
to track down a deranged James
Ulster obsessive? [cackles]
Come on. Will.
Where should we start?
Her mother.
[♪ tense music plays]
I'm doing better.
Fewer flashbacks.
But it's hard.
I still don't feel like myself.
I'm used to being in control.
I'm the one who protects
the people I love.
You know. lately I've been
thinking about buildings.
You know how the ones built
with some give... [inhales]
...they're the ones
that survive earthquakes.
But the ones that are rigid...
they're the ones
that just crumble.
I have to believe that. um.
finding a way to move with
the ground shifting under me...
it's the only way to survive.
Oh. hey.
That was really beautiful.
what you said.
Oh. thank you. Casey.
Mmm.
-Have you seen
your ex's truck this week?
-Couple of times.
Still parked down
at the end of the block?
Hundred yards to the inch.
[Amanda sighs]
Well. if he comes any closer.
you call me.
I'll get his ass on violating
that restraining order.
Wow. You weren't kidding when
you said you were protective.
[chuckles]
I like it.
I like seeing you alive.
Uh. do you want to have
dinner tonight at my place?
I'll bring the wine.
[♪ orchestral music playing]
Hey. guys.
The GBI just got tagged in.
Apparently Ronaldo Benetti
is kind of a big deal.
-Oh. yeah.
Franklin's a big fan.
-Oh.
There's something weird
going on. and he won't tell me.
But he did do a whitening
strip on the way over.
What happened
to partner code. man?
You got anything new for us?
Yeah. I talked to Pete
on the way out.
Cause of death is a gunshot.
but get this.
victim had postmortem bruising.
So whoever did this shot him
and then beat him up?
They really hated this guy.
[♪ orchestral music continues]
-We should interview
all these people.
-Yep.
I'll take the trumpet player.
Sorry. is there no one else
who can do this interview?
It's stressful enough
that Ronaldo
was apparently murdered.
and now you show up.
Oh. it's just business. Leon.
-Mmm.
-Do you take
prescription medication?
You know that I do.
Why is that relevant?
Oh. 'cause we found a bottle
of Adderall at the crime scene.
and the letters on the label
seem to match your name.
Okay. look. Ronaldo.
he was under a ton of pressure.
He was having trouble
getting work done.
so he asked if I could share
some of my meds with him.
So I gave him a few pills.
What kind of pressure?
We have a big performance
coming up.
We're doing Ronaldo's
original composition.
So. he was a composer too?
Uh. he talked about it a lot.
This was the first one
he actually finished.
But it took forever
for Ronaldo to show it to us.
He was acting
more and more erratic.
[stutters]
Everyone was starting to
freak out. especially Claudia.
-Who's Claudia?
-The executive director
of the symphony.
Claudia was afraid that
we would have nothing to play.
that we'd have to
call the whole thing off.
But then. finally...
[sighs] ...after disappearing
for. like. 24 hours.
Ronaldo showed up yesterday.
said he was finished.
And it's annoyingly brilliant.
How long is this gonna take?
Lila. honey. um. let's let
the detectives do their job.
Tom. you're always
trying to manage me. Just...
I-I need a cigarette.
-That's fine.
-Thank you.
Pippa. are we still performing
or what?
I don't know. [stutters]
-Is your solo ready?
-Yes. of course it is.
Brass. on the other hand. mess.
She hums Ronaldo's
soaring melody
-as she dozes
beside me at night.
-But who's going to conduct it?
I'm very sorry.
Uh. we're both very upset.
-[Lila] Are you coming?
-Yeah.
Where were you
last night. Leon?
You have to answer my question.
You're a suspect.
I'm a suspect?
You're not not a suspect.
You gave a dead man drugs.
-Adderall.
-It's a controlled substance.
Seriously.
Franklin. come on. you know me.
Oh. you know. I thought I did.
-Be honest.
Are you punishing me?
-Just give me an alibi.
I was at my boyfriend's
all night.
-Boyfriend?
-There's a camera in the lobby
that you can check.
Now just ask me what
you really want to know.
Well... [inhales]
...I mean. I am curious.
Four months of happy dating.
I had a drawer at your place.
you had a toothbrush at mine.
Why did you ghost me?
[♪ dramatic music plays]
"Not funny."
-He said that?
-I know I made him
laugh before.
I just can't think of any
specific moment right now.
-but I know I did.
-[person] Pippa!
Pippa!
-Where is Pippa?
-Claudia. hi.
Did you hear? How are you?
Yes. it's horrible. I have
grief counselors on their way.
Anyone who needs to avail
themselves can. but please
don't leave the building.
We have to rehearse.
We're not canceling the show?
-[softly] Absolutely not.
-I'm sorry. Why not?
It's not what
Ronaldo would want.
We owe it to him to let
his magnum opus be heard.
Pippa. we need a conductor.
[♪ playful music plays]
Can you do it?
Yes.
Good. Go tell everyone.
Hi. Sorry about that.
Claudia Sobinsky. executive
director. How can I help?
Well. we need to
see Ronaldo's office.
-Right this way.
-Thank you.
Sounds like Ronaldo
was acting erratic recently.
I've known Ronaldo
for 25 years. since our
music school days.
I'd never seen him like this.
It was this composition.
I told him he was already
a great conductor.
He didn't need
to compose. but... [inhales]
...he wouldn't listen.
He just put so much pressure
on himself.
How was it that it came down
to the last second like this?
He insisted I schedule
his debut as the highlight
of our season.
even hinged his entire
contract renegotiation on it.
And then. once
everything was signed.
it turned out
he hadn't even written it yet.
That's why he didn't
want Pippa to see it.
I've been close
to a heart attack waiting.
But yesterday.
Ronaldo showed up with
a completed chamber piece.
and it was everything
he'd promised.
It was stunning.
Ronaldo have issues
with anyone here?
He was a giant pain
in the ass. but. uh.
he was our maestro.
Everyone worshipped him.
Yeah. I can relate.
I play a little myself.
Really. man? Every time? Ugh.
You know what. don't do that.
Please don't do that.
[rattling]
That's weird.
[Claudia gasps]
[♪ eerie music plays]
I guess someone here
didn't worship Ronaldo.
At all.
I already told the FBI.
I don't know where Adelaide is.
Oh. no. of course. but.
um... [sighs] ...if you could
think of anything else.
anything at all
that might help us find her.
we'd appreciate it.
Uh. there was always
something off with that girl.
Chip off the old block. Maybe
I was wrong to reject her.
Speaking of. all those
letters Adelaide sent me.
-I sent them back unopened.
-[Ms. Trevens continues.
indistinct]
Maybe they're
around here somewhere.
I tried to set
Adelaide on the right path.
But no matter
how long I kept her
in the wardrobe.
nothing happened.
The wardrobe?
[sighs] It's our little
nickname for time-out.
I had to send her there
when she misbehaved.
Uh-oh. bad mommy.
[Ms. Trevens]
...discipline your children...
I don't know why
I had sex with this woman.
[sighs]
[clears throat] Um...
Ms. Trevens. could
I... Could I trouble you
for a glass of water?
[imitating cough]
[Will] Thank you.
[Ms. Trevens huffs]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh.
Now. this is twisted.
Even for me.
She was just a kid.
I should arrest
this lady for child abuse.
No. keep your eye
on the ball. You haven't
looked in there yet.
[chuckles] You're welcome.
Oh. shut up.
You're me. Stop taking credit.
This is you entering Ronaldo's
office three days ago.
We know you
destroyed his piano.
We saw the damage.
Now that is real hatred.
You've been assistant conductor
for what. six years now?
It's a long time
to play second fiddle.
It's not easy to stand on
the sidelines. watch somebody
else live your dreams.
I mean. it makes sense
to resent him.
Sometimes that's easier
than admitting maybe you
don't have what it takes.
I do have what it takes.
The passion. the focus.
the commitment.
That bastard tried to break me.
but I'm still here.
Yeah. Yeah. you are.
front and center on
the symphony's biggest night.
What? No.
It's finally
working out for you.
Okay. fine. I destroyed the
piano. but I didn't kill him.
Yeah. well. you certainly
killed that piano.
What exactly did Ronaldo
do to make you so angry?
He belittled my conducting.
the way I dressed.
my music knowledge.
For years. he told me I'd
never make it as a conductor
and refused to give me
a recommendation.
He knew about the piano.
by the way.
When he saw what I'd done.
he was impressed.
He said it was about time
I showed some teeth.
I swear I didn't kill him.
I-I didn't want to get the job
this way. I wanted to earn it.
Is there anything
you can tell us about
Ronaldo's disappearance
the day before
he delivered the composition?
Um...
All-All I know is
when I asked how he managed
to finish the piece.
he told me he'd found his muse.
Any idea who
he was referring to?
No. I just figured
that meant he'd gotten laid.
Guy was hornier
than a jackrabbit. Ugh.
[Michael. Franklin] Hmm.
Hey. they found
Ronaldo's car abandoned.
It's being towed to
the impound lot. Let's go.
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
[knocks on door]
Hey.
Yeah. I thought
you might be working.
-Brought Szechuan.
-Oh. where's Seth?
He is drinking a nonalcoholic
beer and watching a documentary
on Dunkirk.
-Hi. baby.
Oh. I missed you. Come here.
-[Betty whines. yelps]
Oh. help me take this food
to the dining table.
will you? Yeah?
So what do you got?
Adelaide's letters
to Ulster in prison.
Oh.
You want to read 'em
to me over egg rolls?
Perfect night.
What's up with your kitchen?
Oh. i-it's nothing.
It... Don't worry about it.
"She is stupid
and never listens to me.
I hate her. I hate her.
I wish you'd never met her.
Please show me how to kill her.
I'll do anything.
Your daughter. Adelaide."
You say you had
a flirtation with this woman?
We were in the jungle.
It was very hot and. um.
my guard was down.
[stutters] Look. I've
been very vulnerable lately.
[sighs]
Adelaide never stood a chance.
Abusive mother. no friends.
She could've been us.
She could've.
But we had each other.
[Will chuckles]
-You changed your hair.
-Yeah.
Controlling what I can.
[Will chuckles]
I like it.
[both chuckle]
It makes sense that Adelaide
would start a network.
Other people who fell
through the cracks like her.
That network is the best way
to get to Antonio. Has to be.
I gotta take a run
at Jeb Oswald.
-Any advice?
-You're not gonna scare him.
You're not gonna get through
to him with logic.
The only person he wants
to talk to is James Ulster.
I can work with that.
-I don't understand...
-[Amanda chuckles]
Wait. get your hands
off my dishes.
Gosh. you don't know
how to relax. do you?
Let me take care of you
for once. Go. Go away.
Okay. okay. Bossy.
Hmm. takes one to know one.
[chuckles]
You might be right about that.
[♪ "Once in
a Thousand Years" playing]
I took that when I was 18.
I had nothing better to do
than follow a dirt road.
see where it took me.
[chuckles]
I really thought I was a
photographer with that one.
[giggles] Who you telling?
I took a pottery class once
and could have sworn
I was a professional.
[Amanda giggles]
I always said
I'd go back. But...
then I met Dallas and...
-best-laid plans.
-Hmm.
Look.
With everything
you've been going through...
Okay. stop worrying about me.
Start thinking about
what you want.
[Casey chuckles]
Do you want this?
[Amanda chuckles]
-[Amanda inhales. exhales]
-How about this?
[Casey squeals. chuckles]
[both chuckle]
Now. is this the beer bottle
or the coffee pot?
Coffee pot.
You're incredibly brave. Casey.
[chuckles]
So are you.
Don't bother. Amanda.
He always gets away with it.
[♪ tense music plays]
Better have a damn good reason
for hauling me in here.
Why don't you take a seat?
Why don't you tell me
why I'm here?
You threw a rock
through your estranged
wife's window last night.
That's vandalism.
harassment. and a violation
of your restraining order.
I wasn't anywhere near
that bitch's house last night.
I know you've been
parking on Casey's street.
trying to intimidate her.
I can park wherever I want.
I know everything
you put Casey through.
I know every bruise
and every scar.
But that's over now.
You need to leave her alone.
You have no proof. do you?
Looks like you're the one
who's trying to intimidate me.
And I won't be intimidated.
I think this interview is over.
[chuckles]
I met a million guys like you.
Men who think
they're untouchable.
You think you can lay
your hands on anybody you want
and get away with it.
-[chuckles]
-Not this time.
Geez. Faith. this car is
almost as messy as yours is.
-What's with you
creative types?
-Yeah. it's organized chaos.
You know. the thing is...
And look. I don't want
to come across as defensive.
but I am infinitely
funnier than Leon ever was.
Yeah. you're funny.
It's. like. your thing.
What do you mean. my thing?
You know. it's how
you like to be perceived.
You don't think I'm funny?
Faith. am I funny?
-You're not not funny.
-I mean. you're amusing.
-You're fun to have around.
-That is not the same thing.
You don't think I'm funny. You
think Faith is funnier than me?
Leon is lying to you
because he is afraid
of telling you the truth.
Faith. that makes sense.
It's not that I'm not funny.
It is that Leon is a coward.
-Did you find anything?
-Yep. [grunts]
I found this fast-food
receipt from three days ago
during the time that Ronaldo
supposedly disappeared.
He was in Cleveland. Ohio.
And anyone recognize
this lipstick?
We found your cigarettes
in Ronaldo's car.
I think that you two
were having an affair.
Lila. were you his muse?
Sorry. that's what
this is about? [stutters]
I have a solo to rehearse.
What happened?
You break up with him?
He threatened to tell your
husband. so you killed him?
Don't be ridiculous.
Stop. please.
Of course we were intimate.
Profoundly.
passionately. feverishly.
But it wasn't an affair.
because Tom and I
have an arrangement
where we can sleep with
whoever we want as long
as no one falls in love.
and believe me.
I-I never fall in love.
But not with Ronaldo.
We agreed he was
on the no-fly list.
I never agreed
to a no-fly list.
That was just something
that you said. and then
I did not respond to you.
Can... [stutters] What does
it matter? The man is dead.
-Tom...
-Oh. hey. hey. buddy.
Just take it easy. okay?
Don't be hysterical.
It's pedestrian.
Excuse me. what is going on?
Tom. careful of those hands.
-[Lila] Mm-hmm.
-You have to perform tonight.
Do you know anything
about why Ronaldo
might have been in Ohio?
We have a receipt
putting him there
the day before he was killed.
No. I have no idea.
Our relationship
wasn't really based on talking.
-[Tom grunts. groans]
-[feedback whines]
Not really your day. man.
-Ow. I think I broke it.
-No. that's okay.
Yeah. because you don't
play bass with your feet. Here.
Do you want me to come?
[chuckles] I think
you've done enough of that.
Lila. is there anything else
you'd like to share?
I'll just say this.
Whatever he was doing in Ohio.
thank God he went.
-Why do you say that?
-Before he disappeared.
he played me
what he was working on.
It was atrocious.
We were all going
to be publicly humiliated.
Well. what was he doing
for those two days?
I don't know. He never told me.
All I know is I now
have an exquisite violin solo.
It's gonna be...
It's gonna be
career-making. really.
and you should all come
if you can get tickets.
I've given my comps away. but.
uh. look. i-if you'd excuse me.
I-I would really
like to rehearse. So. um...
I don't know about you. Faith.
but I... [exhales]
...think it's time
for Franklin to go on a date.
Oh. absolutely not.
[♪ soul music plays]
This was Ronaldo's composition?
Up until two days ago. yes.
Lila was right. It is very...
amateurish.
I mean. I do not understand
how this became the composition
that Ronaldo turned in.
-Do they resemble
each other at all?
-No. not even close.
That is like it was written by
an entirely different person.
Maybe he stole it and
that's why he ended up dead.
Lord. never underestimate
the audacity of a straight male
with an inflated ego
and a full head of hair.
[chuckles]
Oh. no. no. no.
I know you're not laughing now.
-Oh.
-So now the man thinks
I'm funny. huh?
Mm-hmm.
Tell me the truth.
[Leon sighs]
I don't want kids.
-I know that.
-I like my life.
I like my freedom.
-I do not need kids.
-I specifically said
-I'm okay without having kids.
-But you were lying.
Either to me
or to yourself. okay?
And it just felt
like you thought
that you could wear me down
if you stayed with me
long enough. but I wasn't
gonna change my mind.
-Again.
I specifically said--
-Benjamin.
You know what.
I never should've trusted you
with my first name.
Be honest. Benjamin Franklin.
-Here we go. [sighs]
-You want them.
You do. It's okay.
[chuckles] But God help us.
if there was a child
anywhere near where
we were having brunch.
they were the only ones
getting eye contact.
I did that maybe once.
Mmm. [chuckles]
[sighs] Fine.
I shouldn't have ghosted you.
I actually can't believe
that I did that. It was very...
immature.
Let me make it up to you.
Come to the
performance tonight?
I got you a comp ticket.
-[chuckles] Really?
-That's right.
Best seat in the house.
[Franklin] Wow.
I'd really love
to have you there.
Maybe we can be friends?
Okay.
[chains clanking]
[chuckles]
Oh. it's you. Will Trent.
The man who caught
James Ulster.
This is your work. is it not?
-Yep.
-You claim
to be a student
of James Ulster.
I'm more than a student.
I'm an acolyte.
And you think your work
celebrates James Ulster?
You know what I see
when I look at this. huh?
It's a cheap knockoff.
This work
is meant to be relished.
All I see here
is fear. hesitation.
a lack of discipline.
-What is this?
-It's an assessment.
It's a grade. really.
Now. let's see.
[softly] Oh. C-minus. Mmm.
And that's being generous.
It's soulless.
[Jeb sniffs]
Yeah.
Did you even enjoy it? Huh?
Did you get a rush?
An erection. even? [chuckles]
No. no. no. no. no.
I don't think you did. No. no.
I think you were scared.
I was afraid I'd get caught.
Oh. I could tell.
When you're doing work
in my name.
it has to be worthy.
I speak through Will Trent now.
He's the closest
thing I have to a son.
-But she said--
-Oh. my daughter.
She's nobody.
[chuckles] You...
You were scammed. [chuckles]
I hope you didn't give her
your Social Security number.
I don't understand.
Well. that's as clear as
a bell. you unwashed simpleton.
Sit up straight
when you talk to me.
My name. my legacy. is being
polluted by this bitch.
and you and I are
gonna stop her blasphemy.
Or I could just sit here
and remove your fingernails
one by one until you come
to your senses.
[chuckles] No one...
No one will stop me.
I mean. they love me here.
They can't get enough
of Will Trent.
Are you starting to see...
why I chose this guy
as my vessel?
How can I help you. Mr. Ulster?
[Will sighs]
Tell me...
what is Adelaide...
doing?
I don't know. [chuckles]
She don't talk to me. uh...
No? Oh.
I get my instructions
from somebody else.
His name is The Commander.
Ah.
And how do I talk
to The Commander. huh?
Um... [gulps]
They'll only listen if they
hear it d-directly from me.
Oh.
Well. huh.
arrange a meeting.
Huh?
Ah. [chuckles] Yeah.
[gunfire]
Damn.
[Amanda chuckles]
That is very hot.
-Now your turn.
-Okay.
-Okay. [chuckles]
-[Amanda chuckles]
Now if you raise your gun.
you have to be ready to use it.
-Always aim for center mass.
-Okay. [exhales]
-Okay. Feet.
-Feet.
-Shoulders.
Okay. Breathe.
visualize. and shoot.
[Amanda laughs]
-Oh. my God. [chuckles]
-Attagirl. You did it.
[chuckles]
I'm gonna look into
getting one for myself.
Well. let's do it now.
Listen. Casey. I got
a bad feeling about Dallas.
-You need protection.
-You're right.
I just want to do
a little research first.
but I promise I will.
Well. just take mine.
I can't. You need it for work.
No. No. no. no.
This is my personal gun.
I mean... [chuckles]
...you've already shown that
you're comfortable with it.
Listen. hang on to it
till you get your own.
Put it somewhere safe.
Thank you. Amanda.
Oh. look. you're in my office.
Yeah. low blood sugar.
But. I have to say.
I like it in here.
It's quiet. great snacks.
Yeah. okay.
don't get too comfortable.
Who's on the phone?
I'm on hold
with the archive library
at Ronaldo's music school.
Turns out that this
fast-food restaurant he visited
was only 20 miles from there.
Traffic cameras
put him at the campus.
-Nice.
-Oh. oh. hi. Yeah.
Oh. wow. [scoffs]
Ronaldo checked out a master's
thesis from 25 years ago.
[♪ orchestra playing symphony]
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[mutters] Excuse me.
I am at the symphony. What?
Ronaldo stole
the composition from Claudia.
What?
We're thinking after
she heard the first rehearsal.
she realized what he'd done.
confronted him.
and when he didn't come clean.
she followed him to the motel
and killed him.
Geez. her seat's
right next to mine.
Good. Keep an eye on her.
We're on our way to the
symphony hall now with backup.
You got it.
[♪ symphony continues]
Claudia!
[♪ symphony continues.
suspenseful]
Claudia. Come out.
[Claudia] Shh.
They're playing right above us.
Claudia. I see you.
[door closes]
[♪ continues. joyful]
Claudia Sobinsky.
you're under arrest for the
murder of Ronaldo Benetti.
Quiet. This is the best part.
Twenty-five years ago.
I showed this piece to Ronaldo.
and he convinced me
it wasn't any good.
I was so young and insecure.
I believed him.
But I hear it now.
I was good. [sobs]
-Yes.
-[sniffles]
You were.
Please just let me listen
until the end.
Then I promise
I'll go peacefully.
[chuckling. crying]
[♪ crescendoes]
Come on through. We gotta go.
-[♪ music stops]
-[cheering]
Leon was right.
I do want that.
The husband.
the kid. all of it.
Yeah. it's pretty great.
[softly] Yeah.
[siren wails in distance]
[♪ mysterious music plays]
I'm sorry. can I help you?
Jeb says Ulster
speaks through you.
Right.
You are The Commander.
Adelaide must really trust you.
We understand each other.
She helped me see
what real freedom is.
Killing?
Hurting innocent people?
No one is innocent.
I know what it's like
to be angry.
There are days.
more than I'd like to admit.
when I think my anger
might consume me.
But killing doesn't make you
feel free or powerful.
no matter who it is or why.
It eats away at your soul.
What's your name?
Hey.
If you know where
Antonio Morales is.
you need to tell me now.
[The Commander scoffs]
Don't let Adelaide get
you into any more trouble.
Yeah. she said
you'd try to save me.
-What's this?
-We'll be in touch.
If you follow me.
I will tell her.
And if that happens.
I'm not sure what
she'll do to Antonio.
Talk soon.
[♪ tense music plays]
[phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
-Casey.
-Amanda. he's here!
-Who? Dallas?
-He's in the house!
Go get the gun.
Remember what I taught you.
[Dallas] Come back here.
you bitch! I'm gonna kill you.
[pounding on door. loud crash]
I-I'm sending the cops.
You know. ju-just hold tight.
[Casey] No. no!
[gunshot]
Casey?
[gunshots]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today